morning hello yeah I'm good you know
where we are
Wow look at this I see clearly see
aviation what does that mean means it's
a big day it's a huge day I'm shaking
that's how huge a day it is tell
everyone I am going to get to see my new
jet today for the very first time you're
going to see it with me for the very
first time it is ridiculously exciting
and I don't know what to do with myself
so here we go this is crazy
how long in the making about a year and
a quarter and this is the only one like
it in the world and hopefully they let
me in there you know it's me and here we
go happy no
but that is what ah get out of here how
about this nape that is gorgeous
is that wicked wait till you see inside
it I am so ridiculously excited oh my
god
alright let's do it
do it
for freighter 600
oh yes
[Music]
it's sick it's sick little Tommy to get
the floor
and look at this are you
oh my god I don't know what to say
right this one only their one and only
oh my god this is wicked it's exactly
the way it's supposed to be
look at this cobbler Crocker this is
stunning sneaker the only one in the
world example what our design team J
Bieber is able to bring to them are it's
absolutely amazing ever since a quick
request can we kill the music yes you
bet
yes like that perfect
Wow Wow look at this Adam look at this
give me a tour
this is me I am lost for the Milan
bedroom this is the master bedroom this
actually turns into a bed forgot how to
do it push it down English bill and then
it just pops open look at this oh my god
it's sick I mean sick it's like you
don't even want to fly it dude just
gonna sit in it really is beautiful it's
what what's that oh who cares about a
watch last time I saw that that was
inset shot
yeah it was yeah only getting sucked I
had to have it yeah but they don't care
about that
this is just sick so so airplanes do not
have carbon fiber there I mean I've
owned a few airplanes have been very
fortunate in my life to be able to have
a few our point in mine and I've always
dreamed of this and it's never been
possible so this man here is responsible
I just show them it's our team at
Embraer and our design team fantastic
team this is cool this is this is this
is this is so cool this is the toilet
that's a vacuum cleaner that's a very
kind of vacuum toilet I don't exactly
know what a vacuum toilet is but it's
expensive it's like an airliner right
like an airline it's always used in
fresh water the only airplane in this
class is that right yeah unfortunately
this is not carbon fiber well that's
okay and this is for luggage
infernal luggage Angelica Janek won't
open its move that last with the right
well surprise surprise Michael doesn't
know how to get into something yeah
there you go so this is internal luggage
and then there is an external for the
big luggage for the suitcases I can't
believe how cool this is incredible
it is dinkler you ever seen anything
like this I haven't and the thing is is
that I love the wood finish that they do
on most of these jets but somehow this
makes it look like a spaceship it's so
much more modern it is your re-of
airplane so I have this it's a crazy
cool it's a crazy cool to put way to the
seats you can move them around and they
come out and you can turn have a
conversation and of course they turn
into there too these twos all these
double Club all these club facing seats
also form a bed but they ain't even in
this configuration you can get four
people really completely horizontal I
mean these seats are just so plush
they're like Rolls Royce eat jelly rolls
my seats here and then they have the
foot restaurant
like those shoes in size a little bit
trade you for that plain red noses
two-way nice you don't like my shoes
they much the reason I'm wearing these
shoes they're actually completely
custom-made Bagatelle story buddy
they're made by chemical you dandy and
stop it and you go online at literally
haha you dandy at the UW comm you go
online and you configure your shoe you
can change the color of the stitching
that everything is customizable so of
course this is this one matches my shirt
blue yellow red yellow red I can't I
can't think probably let's go up front
if you notice the granite of course it's
it's a word we have water in the
laboratory and up in the gallery we have
granite flooring it's just unbelievable
everything about this airplane
[Music]
so this is how you passengers go 9/8
something like that check that out so
now you have a bed so you do that change
three plus the the the sofa more people
you have full all beds that was heavily
have a line and it's comfortable
Wow a little if you need it no mattress
topper it's a perfect bed it's and those
seats
good you're sitting on the seat back
which is amazing that is amazing can you
think about the most virtual integrity
Erica crazy and this is how you control
the entertainment a cup put the music
Arnold is going to seek sound system
because of copyrights and all those
so this is a map just want to either end
and there's other things and DVDs movies
moving that air show all the goodies
let's go front this is the driver and
before you hit me for that I know he's a
pilot so this is cool so both sides both
ends do that and here push that but I
Here I am
isn't it cool that's awesome yeah and
then in in the galley here but these are
always you help me you do this
oh I should even know who did that
sniffing microwave convection oven
refrigerator
so you can have a gourmet meal and these
open
wine yep let's Adam likes to see the
white or stemware as your stemware like
that that's amazing Nespresso machine
[Music]
come out
that's why could barking nice books
that's over somehow they're all
different they're all customizable
amazing and then this is storage storage
credible and this is a curtain that goes
over the door when the door closes from
the inside we call that a thermo
acoustic version so let's say you don't
hear any noise and open if the doors
open for a long time we can control the
environment inside I'm gonna hobble in
here to tight fit actually it's very
easy because normally you have a yoke
but I'll still I mean I mean it's cozy
huh it's cozy
please let the driver in back up here
there's a much more elegant way of doing
so so I want to explain to everybody
what this airplane does and why it is
the only airplane like it in its class
there's nothing like this and if I sound
ridiculously excited that you have no
idea what this means to me getting has
air appointment so would you be so kind
as to explain to everybody what some of
the amazing things are that it has
weather forces what it's a full fiber
wire in all three axes so you can
explain what fly-by-wire is because they
want sure instead of verb instead of
just moving a point control and talk
into a computer
with your yoke yeah on cables and
pulleys and everything else you're
talking to a computer so you tell me
computer I want to do 20 degrees left
bank and 15 degrees and those up
whatever it is you want the computer
talks to the flight controls 72 times
every second and asks he wants this are
you giving him this and it talks back to
the flight controls so in a normal
airplane like one of these are any other
other airplanes you see out here when
you go through turbulence earlier or
you're getting bounced around in your
flight path the computers adjusting for
that so whenever you move the stick and
you point it I in a normal airplane you
would be disturbed from a pipette needed
to readjust this one just does it it's
kind of pointless you it's pretty cool
right and it will compensate for any of
the adjustments in the airplane pretty
much no like every single one but yeah a
lot less than you would have to do in a
conventional airplane the other thing
that's really cool about that is it will
watch out for you so as long as you
don't over G it or over speed it you can
do anything you want X which is the
subject so if so here's your speedometer
for a lack of better words your airspeed
indicator in your speed tip on the left
this is your altitude so when you get
too slow in an airplane or you get to
pulling too much back and loading up the
airplane through G and through
centrifugal force it will walk you out
and not let you over stress the airplane
it will give you a safety margin and
just release some of the back pressure
for you so it's impossible to do the
same thing with over speed if you're in
a dive and you let the throttles up if
you get too fast it will task the
autothrottle pull
the throttles back reduce the thrust and
then pick up a nose for you every place
used to have what they called a barber
pole you remember in the old days they
had the red and white barber pole
outside the barber shop and it was a do
not exceed speed basically I have to get
type rated on this airplane by the way
you need to yes
I've only ever done this up with a
joystick on a computer have I fireplace
like this and there's Adam will tell you
I'm a little bit rusty because I took
him up in a plane about two three months
ago and he freaked out but he's still
alive to talk about it just today's our
it's a really easy transition
usually you would be over here and now
you're sitting just like this so so
these are the throttles and these are
also throttles correct so maybe explain
cuz you'll do it much better than I will
exactly so in a normal airplane you
would throw these forward and that puts
more a guess into the engine it makes
you go faster through the air this one
you can turn by this switch here
whatever you tell the speed to do here
on your top left I'm telling the
computer I wanted to do 185 knots now I
want to give you exact speed it's pretty
cool you really just here to observe and
tell it what to do right and it's a
conventional airplane is just a push
button away so you want to have control
your throttles just disconnect or I'll
throw those right here you can shut it
off there or you can just overpower so
intuitively what we all grew up in
flying is the same plane that you're
talking about just going up and flying
you can do the same thing in this just
your one push button the else is cool so
you see these two little devices here
mm-hmm it's like a mouse on the computer
yeah put your camera here you see the
treble and I'm moving around here well
you can do the same thing so your Z this
and you select whatever you want to
select just the same way as you would in
an amount then you select it and you
choose whatever you want to do that's
fun
the nice thing is it gives you the
option to do anything in four to five or
six different ways so when you said if I
want to hover over here
that's enter that's enter that's enter
and that's enter so I can do this in
anyone any way that I want so I push
enter it goes into my scratch pad and I
can now paste this as a radio frequency
that just went in there that was nice
but I can do with anything I can go up
here and tune I can grab this and you'll
watch this as a frequency so I can click
enter here it will appear in my scratch
pad now I can paste that wherever in the
system I want to and pretty cool right
that's really really cool well and each
one of these screens can do a million
different things you can change the
configuration and they could be whatever
right now this is a map of the airport
it shows you the runways taxiways and
you can zoom in on that and do whatever
you mess with it all you want
yes this is our home Airport at
Melbourne we're in being white house
ivona
zoom all the way out or zoom all the way
in
to rotate wherever I want this is not
where we're at
otherwise we're here at Van Nuys so if I
go to this Airport it will show me
exactly where I am on the airport that's
me and if I want to get a good closer
view I can zoom in and choose my taxi
route before I get me get my clearance
which is which is incredibly useful
because oftentimes the taxi route is
harder than flying an airplane he landed
a major International Airport and taxi
Lima Gulf - it's insane and get lost
very easily so you've got your airport
page over here but you can do the same
thing with this if I go betting on that
will show me where I am and I can zoom
in this is my moving that that's my
airport chart but I can do the same
thing here I can zoom all the way down
this is my moving map that's to my one
mile and I have the same feature here so
this is kind of a tactical and this is a
strategic planning tool what about
safety features shell of AIESEC is that
one of the main reasons I bought this
airplane was because of its safety
features there were way beyond any other
aeroplane wavier can you mention a
couple of absolutely so the first one my
favorite is a emergency descent mode so
if we're cruising along at 45,000 feet
35,000 feet whatever it is and we have a
decompression the airplane by itself
will throw the throttles back to send me
to 15,000 feet turn me 90 degrees to the
left and squawk 7700
and then that's the pool right and then
at the bottom at 15,000 feet it would
turn the other girls back on and fly me
up to 250 knots until I wake up if
everybody has gone to sleep and passed
out through the worst right compression
you've ever seen this plane will save
you from so once once you hit 15,000
feet or thereabout
there's no oxygen anymore and you're
you're living on the system's inside the
airplane and if as you say there's a
catastrophic decompression or something
along those lines you can't breathe
anymore you don't know it you just you
just out the airplane will compensate
for that and bring you down to oxygen
levels and it's incredible yeah all that
airplanes have that but this this
airplane come combined with the auto
throttles will just sit there and wait
for you to wake back up it hopefully
right exactly if you're at 40,000 feet
it takes a while to get down to 15,000
feet terribly much in a certain line
it's a very very slick
what's the descent rate maximum descent
rate in vertical speed 4,000 feet a
minute but if your in-flight will change
which is what you want to do you can see
upwards of 8,000 9,000
but the most I've ever seen and a phenom
product was eleven thousand feet a
minute really
and the wiggies didn't come off no well
no that was at 245 knots well what else
will it do not need to do ice and so
it's got the G protection so you can if
I just works back on this it won't give
me everything until I / G the airplane
it will stop me from hurting myself over
speed and will throw the throttles back
and pitch me up to keep me underneath
that barber pole you're talking about
it's got all the terrain features so
obviously every airplane has to have if
you get low it'll start pinning terrain
as you see here so start doing this and
it will talk to you and yeah exactly and
because the protection envelopes if I if
I just throw the throttles forward and
pitch back as much as I can
it won't take me right up to the limit
to the soft limit of the G because if
I'm if I'm in a normal plane I have to I
have to toggle between pulling up as
much as I can installing the airplane
and this one will not let you stall the
airplane through the soft protection
they'll tell everybody about strolling
because most people think when you hear
would stall that the engines cut out
that is not the case in an airplane
stalling means loss of lift so you stole
the wings and then you lose lift and
plane floors out the sky like a brick
which is no fun especially one of these
right yeah it's not very fun to talk
although when you learn to fly you
actually do power on stalls power off
stall you learn to handle stalls every
other airplane that i've flown it's like
cutting with a machete this one's like a
scalpel so you have so much more that's
a good and now I like for me it was the
easiest plane to learn how to fly but
also the most fun so you have all of
these screens like you said that you can
manipulate so out in the front when
we're taxiing around and it's low
visibility you can see
our FLIR camera it's actually not a
flare it's three different spectrums
it's the long band short band visible
and then infrared it all overlays in
this which you can also put in your head
up superimpose this what yeah that's
cool yeah you can see this image here
right there no yeah you see right now if
I hold my hand like that you can see
there it is yeah can you see that let's
say you have to move your head to the
side so getting close I can see it isn't
that cool good fighter jet yeah
and this little toy here was an extra I
want to say $700,000
I'll leave doctor yeah yeah it was yeah
yeah you know this is something that can
save your life if you're coming into
somewhere and and all sudden the weather
changes and there's nowhere else to go
you need this and again it's a it's a
very expensive feature but it's an
incredible feature it's actually the
lightest cheapest and smallest one has
class um usually there's a big projector
that would fit just on the left side
that we all hit our heads on this one
the combiner which is this comb is
basically a movie screen and the
projector is up in this and this is all
right here what that would be
this big it would fit right here and
like I say you would smack the head on
this one
modular you can put all sorts of things
in here it's not just this you can put a
speeds and everything else in this yeah
you can see actually the entire thing is
just like that it's outlined in
monochrome green it's not in color sadly
but not yet soon we'll get that and you
can take it off by this EBS button if
you push that button on the left side
that will take all of the background off
and you'll it's good let the broad out
of hood and exactly this it's exactly as
you see it here the only difference you
see that you see skee you head over to
the side yeah there it is the only
difference is that image disappears and
the vertical speed appears down here
otherwise it's exactly the same then T
cast is another feature all airplanes
howitzer most-visited traffic collision
avoidance system that tells you where
other airplanes are in the sky and the
transponders talk to each other sort of
two planes are coming towards each other
ill actually turn away from it when
we'll go up one will go down won't go
left one will go right let's don't be
like that right exactly and it will tell
you here it'll give you a little box
that's red stay out of the red and then
it'll take pitch up monitor vertical
speed or descend whatever the resolution
and the computer talking to you tells
you to fix that coalition hazard this
one and it will paint that for you and
it jokes do you dislike the 405 traffic
traffic yes that's pretty cool pretty
cool very cool well excellent this is so
exciting where's its little hat
somebody's hat back on the hood cover
not to take a look around the outside
let's take a look around the outside
don't tell me getting out of here before
[Music]
music you come out yes it's easy Ferrari
Ferrari yes waiting yeah
these are wingless the noisy here's the
APU auxiliary power unit it's a jet it's
a third jet engine basically that powers
all the electronics when it's on the
ground and other figments in the air
certifies loud
see the metal flake in the paint oh yeah
right it's huge
so they swing their that's fourth feet
to the wingspan of the plane that is
what's six seven feet tall right so good
look at five or five people
see how it's blended yeah it's not a
straight couple yeah
Playboy
very loud round
it says
all my shoes
than Japan
new tires they're very expensive other
they just they don't last that long
because Alan
really I am so excited
I love everyday
you like the carbon fiber I love it I
love it yeah
there is
this is I don't know certainly do is
like radar
knows okay but look at the lights
diesel
unlike
like the world up basically when you
come in until and it's crazy that's the
shot Carmen Internet
yeah I've never seen that light
the HUD heads I explained by a TBS c'mon
amazing heads-up display
we were just talking about it this is
probably the main reason that I look for
this airplane because of the safety
features everything I've read all the
research everything you've told me it's
the safest at point out there there you
can't the technology that's in this
airplane you will not find an airplane
below fifty million dollars and this is
a
20 this has got this has got in options
somewhere in the region of million
dollars worth of options that's what is
extremely well-equipped yeah yeah you
must put the blue and then do the law
those it's all kind of stripes on it
that would be awesome
you match the car for the jet I know
right I'm not going to do that but I am
gonna cut this short in now because I'm
so excited I want to go play with the
airplane I want to speak the camera off
so guys you've no idea what it takes to
do this I'm beyond thrilled
yeah I mean I'm a mom on the verge of
tears actually I don't know what to say
anymore never seen you lost for words
yeah
searching so
anyway he does subscribe button hit the
bell you'll be seeing more of this in
the future we are bar we have them we're
in it to win it Michael we both want it
yes he wanted today I think I do
[Music]
thank you
I feel like I'm fond of Emily
this is this it's more than just buying
an aeroplane this this is the most
expensive thing that I own right
in my house it's crazy
[Music]
remove before flight